I promised it and now I'm going to
deliver today we're going to end this
let's play of pokemon emerald no I'm
just going to put route on back in the
lead since Blaziken doesn't need the
extra experience in chicago my fight
against Steven hopefully but yeah our
first destination and this final rush is
going to be the artisan cave which as I
said a few videos ago is full of smear
goals now just like the videos in the
desert underpass I'm pretty sure they
only included smear go for braiding
convenience because not only does it
make it very easy to get whatever move
you want unto a ground I was about to
ground type Pokemon but it's a Pokemon
of the ground egg group rather don't ask
why singer go belongs to that egg group
by the way I have no idea but yeah not
only can you do that but it can also be
the starting point for many breeding
chains some of which could potentially
be the only ways to get a certain
combination of moves on a certain
pokemon so that's why I'm calling smear
go a great breeder it doesn't do the
same thing as ditto but nonetheless it's
very convenient when it comes to giggles
and since there appears to be a high
encounter rate in this place that gives
me an opportunity to talk about what's
going to be coming up in this channel
and there's a small problem when it
comes to my upcoming LP is platinum in
mario 64 which i haven't confirmed under
purse and yet is that I I can run them
just fine I can play them just fine on
this computer but when the time comes to
record at the same time I simply don't
have it of juice so I bought a new
computer I ordered one rather because I
still haven't received it and yes don't
worry about it it wasn't make an expense
related to my oh he's I was planning on
buying one for a while though that whole
LP situation definitely help answer the
question when but I am currently
scheduled to receive it on September 6
which is a problem in and of itself
because I'm going to need a few days to
reinstall everything set the computer to
my liking I'm going to have to download
Firefox and open
my brother recommended that i use this
instead of office 2010 which blows
chunks i can attest to that because i
have it at work and I can't use it worth
crap so yeah in the time that i'm going
to give this computer and set it up to
my life gang car coral is going to be
out and right after that black and white
now i have planned on taking a hiatus
starting from the moment the first coro
coro news would leak all the way to
early october when news about black and
white would slow down a bit and i would
have started platinum and mario 64 then
that's the current plan though if I
somehow get the computer this week I
might just be able to crank out a few
platinum videos but don't count on that
for now these videos that I'm making
today are going to be the last I'm going
to be making until early October
in the meantime I'm going to try and
make certain that i can confirm whether
or not platinum and mario 64 will be
going on as planned i'm going to do
everything so that so that when coro
coro is out you know what to expect if
those l peas are going to take place or
not right now there's a ninety-nine
percent chance that platinum will take
place and ninety nine point five percent
that mario 64 will take place that's the
current situation so now you know
everything there's no excuse for you to
ask it a question to me especially since
i'm still getting asked by seemingly
blind and deaf people how come I'm not
making 15 minute videos yet believe or
not people are still asking me that even
after all the times I've answered that
and as a side note i'm going to be
closing down the channel comment section
temporarily starting on September 1415
because the reason for that is that if
if everyone starts discussing every
piece of news that comes out of therapy
this is going to be turning into a chat
that I
moderate all by myself so nobody is
going to be posting anything in that box
for two or three weeks I don't worry
it's not permanent I'm just going to
close it down for the duration of Sarah
B's black and white coverage may be
beyond it a little bit or maybe I could
reopen it earlier if I decided if I
decided to get started on platinum a bit
earlier when it probably should take
place on my second LP versary in October
first it would be a shame if I didn't
show up to my own LP versary so yeah
odds are if I had to put a possible day
for the beginning of the platinum LP it
would be october first and groudon just
gained a level which means i'm just
going to take second to Kyogre in the
lane now in order to maybe allow it to
get that extra level but yeah that
October first they isn't set in stone
it's not anything guaranteed so don't
complain that you said you were gonna
make a movie in October first it's not
set in stone
I don't know when the LP will start or
it will start at all but just be patient
something will happen eventually I'll
keep you updated through the recent
activity box on my channel whenever
there's something that comes up whenever
I guess my computer and so on and so
forth so yeah now this is the second and
last room of the artisan cave and the
exit right there leaves right next to
the Battle Tower I believe yep yep right
next to the battle tower but now I had a
little surprise before we move on to
Steven take a look at this one wants a
rematch so guess where we're going
that's right we're going to lie to suit
a Polish to get at least one gym leader
rematch done especially since it's the
only one that can happen right now so
I'm going to heal my Pokemon first since
those smear goes put a little damper on
my peepee and yeah one downside of gym
leader rematches if that you gotta do
their puzzles all over again fortunately
there's no really difficult puzzle in
this game especially not the one in suit
of polish their the solution is fairly
easy to memorize
that place where there's well I wouldn't
call it ice but whatever so gotta do
this I'm just concentrating to make any
to make sure the ldr curse doesn't
happen and I screw up after saying it
was easy and now to do these go yeah
yeah sometimes I go right and then I end
up messing up because there's really
only one solution to that and it's by
going
no additional Sam boney like pattern and
yep that's it so we're going to be
fighting one for a second time I'm glad
it's this one because the other
rematches will have their Pokemon and
like the 30s and low 40s but this guy is
in the high 40s and low 50s so that's
not bad